# ConversationsMessage

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Message ID. It can be used for further manipulations with the message. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | &#x60;\&quot;agent\&quot;&#x60; for agents’ messages, &#x60;\&quot;visitor\&quot;&#x60; for visitors’ messages. | [optional] 
**text** | **str** | Message text or name of the attached file | [optional] 
**subject** | **str** | The subject line of the email message (only for messages sent to email threads). | [optional] 
**visitor_id** | **str** | visitor’s ID | [optional] 
**agent_id** | **str** | ID of the agent on whose behalf the message was sent (only in messages sent by an agent). | [optional] 
**agent_name** | **str** | Agent’s name as displayed to the visitor. Only in the messages sent by an agent. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **int** | Timestamp in milliseconds. | [optional] 
**is_pushed** | **bool** | &#x60;true&#x60; for pushed messages | [optional] 
**is_trigger** | **bool** | &#x60;true&#x60; for automatic messages from “Targeted chats &amp; triggers” and API (https://developers.brevo.com/docs/javascript-api-reference#sendautomessage) | [optional] 
**is_missed** | **bool** | &#x60;true&#x60; for missed and offline messages. | [optional] 
**is_missed_by_visitor** | **bool** | &#x60;true&#x60; for unread agent’s messages in finished chats. | [optional] 
**agent_userpic** | **str** | Only set if the agent has uploaded a profile picture. | [optional] 
**received_from** | **str** | In two-way integrations, messages sent via REST API can be marked with receivedFrom property and then filtered out when received in a webhook to avoid infinite loop. | [optional] 
**file** | [**ConversationsMessageFile**](ConversationsMessageFile.md) |  | [optional] 
**_from** | [**ConversationsMessageFrom**](ConversationsMessageFrom.md) |  | [optional] 
**to** | [**list[ConversationsMessageTo]**](ConversationsMessageTo.md) | An array containing details of the recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional] 
**reply_to** | [**ConversationsMessageReplyTo**](ConversationsMessageReplyTo.md) |  | [optional] 
**cc** | [**list[ConversationsMessageTo]**](ConversationsMessageTo.md) | An array containing details of the carbon copy (CC) recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional] 
**bcc** | [**list[ConversationsMessageTo]**](ConversationsMessageTo.md) | An array containing details of the blind carbon copy (BCC) recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional] 
**source_message_id** | **str** | The ID of the message assigned by the integration source. | [optional] 
**forwarded_to_source_status** | [**ConversationsMessageForwardedToSourceStatus**](ConversationsMessageForwardedToSourceStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**integrations** | **object** | Integration details. | [optional] 
**is_bot** | **bool** | &#x60;true&#x60; for automated messages generated by an AI bot. | [optional] 
**attachments** | [**list[ConversationsMessageAttachments]**](ConversationsMessageAttachments.md) | An array of file attachments. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


